Our sentence is it
pours if it rains
I replace it pours with P I
replace it rains with r and I'm
left with P if our if Mark's
what comes after it namely the sentence
it rains or are as the antecedent
and that means that's the thing that
comes before he must be the
consequent cuz there's nothing marking
it
So this is a conditional
But it isn't going to be
the conditional Iero our if I
have it be the conditional ProAir
that makes it pours the antecedent
But I want it rains to be
the antecedent so I need to
Make my answer be if our then P
if it's the are before the arrow and
the P after the arrow now are it
rains is the antecedent and pee and
porous
is the consequent which fits with the
English
And that's the answer